[installer] (#467) Add Support for YAML Input Format when Running Workflows via the Installer (#529)
vmware/build-tools-for-vmware-aria: docs/versions/latest/Release.md

[//]: # (Nothing here is optional. If a step must not be performed, it must be said so)
[//]: # (Do not fill the version, it will be done automatically)
[//]: # (Quick Intro to what is the focus of this release)
## Breaking Changes
[//]: # (### *Breaking Change*)
[//]: # (Describe the breaking change AND explain how to resolve it)
[//]: # (You can utilize internal links /e.g. link to the upgrade procedure, link to the improvement|deprecation that introduced this/)
## Deprecations
[//]: # (### *Deprecation*)
[//]: # (Explain what is deprecated and suggest alternatives)
[//]: # (Features -> New Functionality)
## Features
[//]: # (### *Feature Name*)
[//]: # (Describe the feature)
[//]: # (Optional But higlhy recommended Specify *NONE* if missing)
[//]: # (#### Relevant Documentation:)
[//]: # (Improvements -> Bugfixes/hotfixes or general improvements)

### *Add Support for YAML Input and Output in Workflow Run with Installer *

> Add support for YAML data in the workflow inputs / outputs during workflow run within installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for YAML data in the workflow inputs / outputs during workflow run triggered by Installer.
```
